THE TASTE OF POWERFUL ADVER­TISING

adlicious is a creative and media solutions provider founded In 2014. We partner with brands and agencies to power digital advertising using the best of media, technology & creative.

OUR ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS MAKE YOUR BRAND STAND OUT

Our mission: MAXIMIZE YOUR BRAND IMPACT THROUGH THE ENTIRE CUSTOMER JOURNEY

INGREDIENTS FOR ADVERTISING SUCCESS

Custom Advertising Solutions

Our technology connects premium creative, data and media to deliver unique brand-focused, data-driven advertising concepts that were not previously possible or economical at scale. By leveraging custom data and platform integrations, we can maximize the impact of your campaigns and give you the scalability you need through marketing automation.

Custom Full-funnel Strategies

Let us take you on a journey to success with our custom full-funnel strategies! We specialize in finding the channels and formats that will give you maximum efficiency, seamless execution, and get all your touchpoints working together. We can help you unlock your full potential and reach your goals.

Complete Service

Take your digital campaigns to the next level with our comprehensive complete service. Our team of experts in all digital verticals are here to provide you with everything you need to succeed. Our proprietary in-house technology enables the dynamization of bespoke premium creatives, while our media team, creative hub, and video production team ensure that your campaigns are tracked, served, and analyzed to perfection.

80+ Experts who will be pleased to advise you on all questions in the fields of media, design and tech.

15+ Nationalities that reflect our modern and diverse corporate culture.

4 Business Hubs with our headquarters in Germany and three further hubs in England, Spain & South Africa.

Meet adlicious

David Lange
Co-Founder & Managing Director

Viktor Eichmann
‍‍Co-Founder & Managing Director

Matt Probert
‍CTO

Monta Bandone
‍Head of Digital Media & Programmatic

Marlene Petz
‍Head of Key Account Manager & Influencer Marketing

Monica Degenhardt
Vice President of Marketing, Creative, & People Operations
