DATA-DRIVEN PROSPECTING

Unlock the power of data-driven prospecting with our advanced targeting solutions. We create data-driven premium creatives that enables a personalized user experience.

Maximum scalability through automated processes.
Dynamic options for many elements of the ad including product data, weather data, geographical data and more.
Optimal for addressing a heterogeneous target group.

IN-BANNER VIDEO

Maximize your brand's visibility with In-Banner Video! Our cost-effective solution draws more attention to your brand in the Display environment, creating a strong branding effect.

Strong branding effect.
Offers lower costs in relation to other video formats.
Perfect for extending existing video campaigns into the display environment.

DRIVE-TO-STORE

Drive-to-Store Ads provide an unbeatable combination of a customer's digital journey and their stationary shopping experience. With our location-based navigation to the nearest POS, you can easily drive your target audience to your stores, events venues or retail partners.

User location-based navigation to the nearest POS.
High Usability - map navigation just one click away.
Measurable footfall traffic increase.

DRIVE-TO-CINEMA

Innovatively promote movies with adlicious Drive-to-Cinema Ads. Easily guide movie fans to the theatres that play your films. Users can purchase tickets with just one click or be navigated directly to the nearest cinema partner. That's the way of innovative movie advertising.

High usability: user location-based navigation to the nearest cinema.
High awareness through integration of the film trailer.
Measurable footfall traffic increase.

DATA-DRIVEN RETARGETING

Reactivate your customers' interest in your product and service with Data-driven Retargeting! Our proprietary technology allows us to engage with your interested users in a personalized way, providing higher conversions through aesthetically pleasing templates.

Reactivation of shown brand interest.
Full-funnel coverage in combination with our data-driven prospecting.
Aesthetic templates despite the common retargeting ads.